02/05/2025

12:00
I'm really excited to start this course as I'll be learning a lot more about python.
I'll gain a deeper understanding on how everything works in python
I'll be able to create way more and meaningful things.
I'll have confidence in my ability to code.


22:22
so far, I've made 4 projects.
i was doing other python stuff mostly.
i was not sure whether i wanted to relearn or skip the beginner parts.
3_horror_choice_based_game.py was fun to make gotta say.
i really tried to write a creepy story.

03/05/2025

12:02
starting with day 5: loops
im excited as im gonna be making a password generator

i started of and i had issues,
my flow didn't work as i tried to do everything in one range() loop.

while it's possible using a while loop,
it's not using range().

i first asked for the amount of each character (letters, numbers or symbols)

then i had if elif statements to choose a
random list including either letters, numbers or symbols,
checked if the max amount hasn't been reached,
added a random index to password, and then added one to
the amount of times the character type has been used.

the issues is that if one flow maxed out and it was chosen by random.choice(),
nothing would get added to the password.

i tried to add an else that increased the total amount of iteration,
but you can't increase the amount of times a range() loop iterates
after it has already started.

i learnt to get the amount of random characters first in different
range() loops into a list, randomize the list,
and then add it one by one to an empty string.

a while loops goes until condition is true

a range() goes until a set number has been reached

04 / 05 / 2025

16:22
im at day 6 now

i just finished the Lost in Maze project on Reeborg's World
i was finding it really difficult until i read the assignment
i was brute forcing it not using the things i needed to finish it

this has projectthought me to read things properly
and to have a plan before trying to avoid brute forcing / trial and error too much